Add 'what has changed in 5.11.0' (#2160)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/setup/migrating-what-has-changed.md

```tab="Example"
identity.server.service.contextURL=https://localhost:9443/
```

## Deprecrating WebContextRoot configuration 

The `WebContextRoot` configuration was included in the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/carbon.xml` file and it was the configuration used to build the URLs within the WSO2 IS product. However, it was observed that this has not been consistent in all places across the product and therefore the usage of this config has been very minimal. 
 
From WSO2 Identity Server 5.11.0 onwards, we have deprecated the `WebContextRoot` configuration. Alternatively, you can use the `ProxyContextPath` configuration by adding it to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file as shown below.

```
[server]
proxy_context_path="abc"
```

## Configuring CORS tenant-wise

Complete the following steps for the CORS migration.

1. Remove any CORS configurations defined in the `<IS_HOME>/repository/resources/conf/tomcat/web.xml` file. 
To do this, remove the whole tag under the filter class named `com.thetransactioncompany.cors.CORSFilter`. 

> 2. In order to complete the CORS migration, any CORS configurations defined at the `web.xml` file should be reconfigured in the `deployment.toml` file. The following table shows how the old configurations in the `web.xml.j2` file are mapped to the new ones in the `deployment.toml` file. 

Reviewer: change web.xml.j2 to web.xml

```toml
[saml.metadata]
assertion_encrypt_with_app_cert= false
```

## SAML service provider certificate expiry validation

In earlier versions, service provider certificate expiry validation was not enabled by default. From 5.11.0 onwards, this validation is enabled by default. To revert to the old behaviour, add the following property to the `deployment.toml` file to disable the validation. 

```toml
[saml]
enable_saml_sp_certificate_expiry_validation= false
```

## OAuth 2.0 token binding validation

The token binding validation is a feature that was introduced with WSO2 IS 5.10.0. Intially, if `tokenBindingType` is provided when creating the OpenID Connect service provider, the token binding validation is enabled by default. With the WSO2 IS WUM-updated pack, you can disable it by unticking the **Validate token bindings** property. However, if this property is not available for the existing service providers, token binding will still be enabled by default. 

> From 5.11.0 onwards, this behaviour has been changed. The property is available for all new service providers. For the exisiting service providers that do not have this property, token binding validation is disabled. To maintain backward compatibility, the property will be enabled during migration for those exisiting service providers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From 5.11.0 onwards, this behavior has been changed. The property is available for all new service providers. For the existing service providers that do not have this property, token binding validation is disabled. 
To maintain backward compatibility, the property will be enabled during migration for those existing service providers which has the `tokenBindingType` as **cookie**
```

Therefore, it is important to verify that the JWT token validator can avoid the scenarios mentioned above. If not, it needs to be handled by deploying a custom JWT token validator that will avoid the issues mentioned above.

To revert to the previous behavior and disable this feature, add the following configuration to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file.

```toml
[oauth]
enable_jwt_token_validation_during_introspection=false
```

## Disabled appending params to OAuth2/OIDC error responses

Appending additional parameters to the OAuth2/OIDC error response has been disabled by default. As a result, the parameters 'sp' and 'tenant_domain' which was set to the callback url in error responses in previous WSO2 IS versions will also not be available. If any configured error param needs to be sent back to the callback url in an error response, add the following config to the `deployment.toml` file.

```toml
[oauth.allow_additional_params_from_error_url]
enable = true

> ```

Reviewer 2: @sherenewso2 this config should be changed as:

```
[oauth]
allow_additional_params_from_error_url = false
```

Author: fixed with https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/2168
